{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green84\blue167;\red0\green58\blue146;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19980\viewh13020\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 From: 
\b0 "Concert Pitch Piano Services" <info@concertpitchpiano.com>\

\b Date: 
\b0 February 3, 2009 8:41:01 AM PST\

\b To: 
\b0 <lucy@cloudwatch.org>\

\b Subject: Piano Appraisal\
Reply-To: 
\b0 "Concert Pitch Piano Services" <info@concertpitchpiano.com>\

\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Lucy Hudson\
San Francisco, CA\
USA\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 BALLPARK PIANO APPRAISAL
\b0 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf0 Description of piano and its present condition, based on your assessment on\'a0Jan 30, 2008:\
\'a0\
Type-of-Piano = Grand / Baby Grand\
Piano-Brand = Baldwin\
Other-Name = \
Model = \
Serial-Number = L 153723\
Approximate-Age = made in 1962\
Size-Height = \
Size-Length = 6' 3"\
All-Notes-Work? = Yes\
Is-This-a-Player-Piano? = No\
Wood-Finish-Color = Black\
Wood-Finish-Polish = Satin - Shiny, but not mirror-like\
Wood-or-Veneer = I Don't Know\
Cabinet-Style = Plain\
Piano's-Condition = Better Condition - received very little use, mechanically/cosmetically great condition\
Purpose-of-Appraisal = I'm thinking of selling this piano\
\

\fs24 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 TYPE OF PIANO:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Baldwin Model\'a0L Grand\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 DATE OF MANUFACTURE ACCORDING TO SERIAL NUMBER:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 1962\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 AGE OF PIANO AS OF 2009:
\b0 \
47 years\
\'a0\

\b MANUFACTURER:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Baldwin was established in 1862 by Dwight Hamilton Baldwin in Cincinnati, Ohio. They were originally a retail enterprise, selling Steinway and Chickering pianos. They began manufacturing their own pianos in 1889 operating as D.H. Baldwin & Co. Shortly after D.H. Baldwin's death, the name became the Baldwin Piano & Organ Co. in 1903. Baldwin has manufactured pianos under the names: Acrosonic, Chickering, Wurlitzer, Ellington, Franke, Hamilton, Howard, Kremlin, Manualo, Modello, Monarch, St. Regis, Sargent, Schroeder, Valley Gem, Winton. In 1988, they purchased the Wurlitzer and Chickering names. In the 1980s, Korean firm, Samick, manufactured pianos bearing the DH Baldwin name. They were purchased by Baldwin and sold through Baldwin dealers. In 2001, Gibson, makers of guitars and other musical instruments and accessories, purchased Baldwin. Baldwin grand pianos are manufactured at the Trumann, AR plant. The following is a list of brand names that are/were recently in use or in development by Gibson: A.B. Chase, Aeolian, Ampico, Baldwin, DH Baldwin (made in Arkansas since 2004, but discontinued in 2008), Cable, Ellington (only in 2003) made in China, Hamilton (replaced the Ellington in 2004 but discontinued in 2008), Howard grand pianos (made in Arkansas since 2006 but discontinued in 2008), Ivers & Pond, J & C Fischer, Kranich & Bach, Monarch, Mozart, Pianola, Pianovelle, Sargent; Wurlitzer and Chickering (both discontinued in 2008). In 2008, Baldwin completely revamped its product line, moving nearly all production of upright pianos to China, and moving production of its lower-cost lines formerly made at the Sejung piano factory to its own facilities located in China. Grand pianos continue to be made in Arkansas.\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 CURRENT FAIR MARKET VALUE RANGE AS IS:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 $10,000 - $12,000 (U.S. Dollars)\
\'a0\
The condition and the beauty of the piano's cabinet, finish and keys - as well as a piano that is in tune and in decent working order - are the most important factors that will affect the final selling price in a private sale.\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 REPLACEMENT VALUE OF SIMILAR NEW PIANO:
\b0 \
List Price: $40,150*\
*Actual selling price could be up to 25% lower than list price\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\i\b\fs28 \cf0 Post your piano for sale\'a0on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.PianoBuyandSell.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.PianoBuyandSell.com}} \'a0\cf3 \'a0
\i0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 COMMENTS:
\b0 \
Current market value determined by averaging: current asking prices, fair market value selling prices, and depreciation schedules based on a similar new piano (if applicable).\
\'a0\
This ballpark value is a starting point of consideration that could be a realistic 
\b selling
\b0  price (as opposed to asking price) through a 
\b private
\b0  sale.\
\'a0\
Equivalent pianos sold through a piano technician or piano dealer, that include a warranty, can reflect prices 20 to 30 percent greater than our average ballpark value.\
\'a0\
A more detailed inspection performed by a piano technician in your area may reveal aspects of the piano's condition that could increase or decrease our ballpark estimate. Market conditions in your geographic location can affect a piano's fair market value. Ornate cabinetry can also increase a piano's market value by increasing its furniture value.\
\'a0\
Please refer to the Terms & Conditions of this appraisal that were agreed upon when ordering this service:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.concertpitchpiano.com/PianoAppraisalTerms.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.concertpitchpiano.com/PianoAppraisalTerms.html}} \cf3 \'a0\cf0 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Concert Pitch Piano Services\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.concertpitchpiano.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.ConcertPitchPiano.com}}\
}